blog: lfx-mentorship-journey-ecosystem-integrations-&-tutorials-for-AI-Gateway (#810)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: content/blog/lfx-mentorship-2026-term1.md

## Contributing code fixes made the journey more exciting
The cool thing about working across all these projects was discovering new things constantly. And naturally you also stumble into obstacles. One that really stood out: while working on the KServe integration I found a small bug in agentgateway related to regex recognition in the HTTPRoutes that KServe auto-generates. The two tools simply did not work together because of it. What made this moment special was not just finding the bug, it was what came next. Up until this point I had no real hands-on Go experience. But instead of just logging the issue and moving on, my mentors offered me the chance and the support to fix it myself. That was something I genuinely did not expect. And because of that support, I worked through the fix, learned a bit of Go, and in the end both tools worked together correctly. That was one of my favourite and most satisfying moments, seeing everything work.

## Submitting to Kubecon was an unexpected plus

> One thing I truly did not see coming was the chance to create content that might actually make it to KubeCon, as a real talk submission. That possibility alone felt like a whole new chapter opening up. I am keeping my fingers crossed that one of the talks gets accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One thing I truly did not see coming was the chance to submit a proposal to speak at KubeCon, the CNCF's flagship conference. That possibility alone felt like a whole new chapter opening up. Because I worked across so many CNCF projects, I had multiple talks to submit, including to co-present with other project maintainers. I am keeping my fingers crossed that one of the talks gets accepted.
```
